look at that Tesla oh wow look on the
camera the lights look back they're
flickering they're not really flickering
like that he couldn't afford to put the
turn signal on because that would take
too many amps too many volts all right
we actually see these Tesla's fairly
regularly around here and I don't know I
guess there's more people with money who
want a cool weird electric car I would
love one
well it's the 85 thing and that's a
stupid fast one the other one's got the
insane mode on it
and these things are cool I
would love to have one but I'm just
surprised so many other people would
love to have one and have the money to
afford these things because I think if
that's the if that's the stupid fast one
I that's like a hundred thousand dollar
car right there I should hit it or not
this is this is who's your daddy rider
who's does I got here and the guys like
hey man is that you with the red Sierra
with the you can't fire me other day
yeah
except it was like alright so I got I
got the white one cuz I could gotten red
yellow or white and I thought white
looks pretty cool bandwagon wide
edition I didn't want to hear it
you don't want yellow I mean look at
that thing over there it looks
like a school bus okay like a
school bus a real bike this is the first
I've ever owned the enemy I instantly
feel like a nicer person just the first
time I bought in a brand new bike since
I bought a 2005 r1 I didn't buy the WR
new I bought it slightly used like eight
hours or six hours on it and pretty
stoked man this is pretty cool but this
is like it looks so much fun little
totally back there so I can paint
Rihanna's you guys are awesome
man this is this is gonna be really fun
I think it's gonna like add a really
cool like new thing to the channel you
know a little mini stunt ground slash
treated like a little mini supermoto
slash I don't know parking a lot racing
there's just so many fun like everything
I think to do with it is like crazy fun
like I don't think about it being a
practical at all bike to use for
anything and you guys aren't patrons you
gotta say thanks to the Patriots cuz you
know I'm not telling people they need to
invest or be a patreon you do whatever
you want to do man if you feel like you
want to be a part of that do it I mean
it's your vote there's they did vote for
that that's like the myth it's like the
really the perk that I give to it is
that you have a say
and what I'd do with it these dudes
these dudes are the ones making this
kind of happen like that's that's
why we held this camera in my hand is
here why I got to go to Atlanta it's why
it's kept the bike running a few times
on parts and things like that like this
the patrons are what's keeping this this
thing going basically like like is
what's bringing you guys badass content
like that but anyways we'll get
home and then load the bike mmm that
stands next to the WR yeah that's the
significantly different the seat height
there but the bars are almost at the
same height those bars are goofy oh no
these are pretty good mark you changed
out but anyway we're home I'm gonna go
watch my baby now cuz that's what I got
to do later